README.md, before:

# AppDevTest

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.2.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect project evolution, tech stack, and live project link

README.md, after:

## Live Project
You can view the live project [here](https://tyre-web.vercel.app/).

> **Note:** This project uses a free trial database. If the application does not work well, it is likely due to the database being inactive, not issues with the frontend or backend.

## Description

This project began as a simple frontend application for learning Angular unit testing and has evolved into a full-stack application with Node.js, Express, and MongoDB. It features authentication, authorization, and a database. The UI/UX has been optimized, and the admin management interface supports CRUD operations for products. Future plans include adding user authorization management.

The corresponding backend project, "tyre-api," is available [here](https://github.com/SimonS2019/tyre-api) and is also deployed on Vercel. The database used is MongoDB, a NoSQL database.

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend:** Angular
- **Backend:** Node.js, Express, MongoDB
- **Testing:** Karma, Protractor

## Running Unit Tests

To execute the unit tests via Karma, run:

```bash
ng test
